CONSOLE-5423: Add rspack support for dynamic plugins (#16752)
openshift/console: frontend/packages/console-dynamic-plugin-sdk/release-notes/4.23.md

This release contains no runtime breaking changes. Existing plugins built for Console 4.22 remain fully
compatible without modification when loaded in Console 4.23.

## Changes to shared modules and API

> This release introduces no changes to shared modules.

Reviewer: FYI I'll update this section in #16726 to clarify version bumps of some Console provided shared modules

});
```

## Support for the rspack bundler

> `ConsoleRemotePlugin` supports [rspack](https://rspack.rs) as an alternative to webpack. Both `webpack` and `@rspack/core` are supported. You must install one of them as a peer dependency of `@openshift-console/dynamic-plugin-sdk-webpack`, but both are not required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ConsoleRemotePlugin` supports [rspack](https://rspack.rs) as an alternative to webpack. Both `webpack` and `@rspack/core` are supported. You must install one of them to satisfy the peer dependency of `@openshift-console/dynamic-plugin-sdk-webpack`, but both are not required.
```

> `ConsoleRemotePlugin` supports [rspack](https://rspack.rs) as an alternative to webpack. Both `webpack` and `@rspack/core` are optional peer dependencies of the `@openshift-console/dynamic-plugin-sdk-webpack` package, although either `webpack` or `@rspack/core` must be installed in your plugin project to build the plugin.

Reviewer 2: took me two reads bc "optional" / "must be installed" combo reads as contradictory, though I think intended meaning = "each is optional individually, but at least one is required." yes? 

restructure for clarity? --> "Both webpack and @rspack/core are supported. You must install one of them as a peer dependency of @openshift-console/dynamic-plugin-sdk-webpack, but both are not required."? 

+, worth brief note why pkg name retains "webpack" but now also supports rspack? users might wonder if intentional.

Author: reworded:

> `ConsoleRemotePlugin` supports [rspack](https://rspack.rs) as an alternative to webpack. Both `webpack` and `@rspack/core` are supported. You must install one of them as a peer dependency of `@openshift-console/dynamic-plugin-sdk-webpack`, but both are not required.

Lots of webpack plugins that support rspack plugins still call themselves "webpack plugins", see https://rspack.rs/guide/compatibility/plugin

### Type checking limitations

The `ConsoleRemotePlugin` continues to reference `webpack` for type definitions where applicable. If your plugin uses only rspack, type checking for the bundler configuration might be less complete.

> ### Migration from webpack to rspack

Reviewer: This is very useful :+1:
